
Thank you for using HCALC -
Tahoe Design Software's
       Hydraulic Calculator 


HCALC is a hydraulic calculator for
circular, full pipe, incompressible flow.
You can solve for head loss, diameter,
flow, pipe area, velocity, Reynolds
number and friction factor using the
Darcy-Weisbach, Hazen-Williams or
Manning's equations. You can also convert
values between various common units of
these parameters.


INSTALLATION

HCALC must be installed with Administrative
Rights under Windows 2000/XP. However, it
DOES NOT need to be run with Administrative
rights. HCALC will be installed for all
users on a given PC.


OPERATION

A shortcut to start HCALC will be placed in the
"Documents and Settings\All Users\Start Menu\
Programs\Startup" folder so that it can be
started when your system boots up. It can remain
resident throughout the entire session and will
automatically shutdown when your system is
shutdown. If you want to run it as a stand-alone
program, simply delete the shortcut that starts
HCALC from the Startup folder (above) and start
HCALC when you need it, using the shortcut on
your Desktop or the Start-Programs menu. As long
as the HCALC shortcut remains in the All Users
Startup folder, HCALC will be loaded at system
startup.

HCALC will be visible when it is first started.
When you click the Close button (X button on the
upper right of its window), HCALC will minimize
itself to the snowflake icon in your system tray.
If you want HCALC to start minimized (not visible)
on bootup, check the Tools-Start Hidden option on
HCALC's main menu. You then only have to click on
the snowflake icon to have it appear for use.
Alternately clicking the snowflake icon will hide
and show HCALC without unloading it from memory. To
fully unload HCALC from memory, right-click on the
snowflake icon and click on "Exit HCALC". To use
HCALC again (without booting) it must be re-started
by going to "Programs\Tahoe Design Software\HCALC"
or by clicking the shortcut on the Desktop.

HCALC also defaults to staying on top of other
application windows. If you want it to move to the
background of other windows, uncheck the Tools-Stay
on Top option of HCALC's main menu. The next time
HCALC is re-started (not just brought up from the
snowflake icon in the system tray) it will act like
most other applications and move to the background
when other windows have focus.

